### Markov Chain Command Line:

1. Install markovify using pip or conda
1. Unzip cis530project/project_FesselGoodmanObasPaul/data/wine_reviews_splits.zip
1. cd to cis530project/project_FesselGoodmanObasPaul/code/markov
1. Run `python markov_train.py ../../data/wine_reviews_train.txt --statesize=2` to train the model and generate initial output
1. Output is contained in cis530project/project_FesselGoodmanObasPaul/code/markov/generated.txt

### LSAN.py Command Line:
Much of the code provided is commented out as it is very computationally expensive to re-train the entire model each time, and EDA is not needed to produce generated output. We have uploaded in this file our two trained models: 'lstm_gen.h5' and 'disciminator_model_final.h5'. These two models in combination form the crux of our "less-sophisticated adversarial network". To run the code file, simply download the trained models, and the training data file. From the command line you will pit the two models against eachother, and will write out wine descriptions which are generated by the generative model and successfully trick the discriminator model into thinking that they are real reviews.

On the command line in windows, you can run the code by providing the following arguments (assuming you are running with all relevant files in the local folder. Otherwise you will need to adjust the file paths appropriatly):

py LSAN.py --generator ltsm_gen.h5 --discriminator discriminator_model_final.h5 --outputpath sample_out.txt --datapath wine_reviews_train.txt

The --outputpath argument is simply where you would like the generated reviews written out to. Run time should be roughly 1-2 minutes. You will also need to have Keras and Tensorflow installed on your machine to be able to run the file.

### Other code files:
For our other code files, specifically the ones corresponding to the baseline NGram char-level model, C-RNN-GAN and [Texygen](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1TIQd3rupzY-O-W0PontB8IkMz3Blvv7_), they are not very easily run on a local machine with a finite amount of time. That being said, we have provided them either locally (ngram model, char-level rnn, clearly labeled corresponding to the model type) or on colab (Texygen).

The file mturk-analysis.ipynb imports mechanical turk batch results and performs the analysis which is presented in the write up. hit-design.html is the html file used to build the Amazon HIT interface.

wine-data.ipynb takes in the raw data from Kaggle, cleans the data, splits the data into the different sets, and performs some EDA, as well as EDA with model output.
